Adding about plonk (#113)
risc0/website: docs/reference-docs/about-plonk.md

## Relevance in RISC Zero
RISC Zero's zkVM makes use of both PLONK and PLOOKUP in the process of generating a [receipt](../explainers/proof-system/what_is_a_receipt.md). 
PLONK is used to generate constraints that authenticate [re-ordering of RISC-V memory data](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYuEPvRLwLo&list=PLcPzhUaCxlCiLk_VjLUNbmfb2mB1Y_N9N&index=6).
PLOOKUP is used to generate constraints that enforce a bytes-based range-check. 

*Note: RISC Zero uses an AIR-based arithmetization and not a PLONK-based arithmetization.*

## Documentation
Implementation and documentation for RISC Zero's use of PLONK and PLOOKUP are in [plonk.rs](https://github.com/risc0/risc0/blob/3d00debce414f96353b8295720be21029ca63347/risc0/zkvm/src/prove/plonk.rs) and [accum.rs](https://github.com/risc0/risc0/blob/3d00debce414f96353b8295720be21029ca63347/risc0/zkp/src/prove/accum.rs). 

## Basic Function
PLONK makes uses of [accumulators](https://hackmd.io/@arielg/ByFgSDA7D) in order to ensure that one list is a permutation of another. 
PLOOKUP uses PLONK to ensure that one list is contained in another list.
 

## Suggested Reading and Videos

> For more on how these ideas fit into RISC Zero's system, we recommend our talk from zk Summit 7: [Encoding Von-Neumann Architectures in Zero-Knowledge Proof Systems](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqrVcDuQ8hM). 

Reviewer: This isn't our talk or its title or venue. I fixed to match the linked video, but did you perhaps have another video in mind?

```suggestion
For more on how PLONK works, we recommend Zac Williamson's [talk at zkStudyClub](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqrVcDuQ8hM). 
```

Author: Thanks for catching this copy/paste error! 
Meant to point to Brian/Jeremy's talk from zk summit 7 -- link fixed now
